# Grid
Grid will help address 2 of the missing pieces according to https://cardanodefi.space/, "stablecoin aggregator" and "programmable pools". Like a generalized version of Curve's 3pool, it will allow users to deploy liquidity for any combination of tokens they desire simultaneously, such as all stablecoins on Cardano. This will directly address liquidity fragmentation of stablecoins while also leading to possibly interesting derivative assets, such as a higher risk/yield meta stablecoin that represents liquidity provision for all Cardano stablecoins at once. 

Grid will provide an AMM-like interface into a fork of the cardano-swaps orderbook https://github.com/fallen-icarus/cardano-swaps that will have additional functionality such as n-way swaps, strategies, and derivatives. A user will be able to interact with the protocol without even knowing they are using an orderbook, while gaining the benefits of orderbooks like retaining staking ownership and flexibility over their liquidity profile. 

The key to achieve this is the two-way swap primitive https://github.com/fallen-icarus/cardano-swaps#the-primitives-one-way-and-two-way-swaps. These swaps are essentially grid strategies, and AMM bonding curves are like continuous grid strategies. By composing two-way (or n-way) swaps together we can bring AMM's back to their origin point, grid strategies on an orderbook. The average liquidity provider can interact with the protocol purely from the high level strategy point of view, similar to how users interact with uniswap v3 pools, without having to deal with individual orders/swaps. This provides the biggest missing piece of orderbook attempts on Cardano so far, a UX that meets the user where they're at, while also providing a unique experience in flexible liquidity deployment for any number of assets at once.
